README.md, before:

# navigation_dqn

[//]: # (Image References)
[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

As part of the Deep reinforcement learning nano degree with Udacity, this is an implementation of the DQN algorithm to train an agent how to optimally maximize yellow banana collection.

## environment details
For any reinforcement learning implementation, the agent has to interact with their environment. In this case, the environment is represented as a large square floor with blue and yellow bananas scattered throughout. 

### rewards
Per the agent's action, the agent is rewarded according to banana collection; -1 for a blue banana collected and +1 for a yellow banana collected.

### action space
Within the environment, there is a discrete action space of 4. At any point in time, the agent is able 1. move forward, 2. move right, 3. move backwards, or 4. move left.

### task success
In order to successfully complete our episodic task, the agent is required to obtain an average score of at least 13 bananas over 100 episodes.

## Dependencies & requirements to get started

1. Download the environment from one of the links below.  You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the environment.

2. Place the file in the DRLND GitHub repository, in the `p1_navigation/` folder, and unzip (or decompress) the file. 

### Instructions

Follow the instructions in `Navigation.ipynb` to get started with training your own agent!  


You need only select the environment that matches your operating system:
- Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/VisualBanana_Linux.zip)
- Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/VisualBanana.app.zip)
- Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/VisualBanana_Windows_x86.zip)
- Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/VisualBanana_Windows_x86_64.zip)

Then, place the file in the `p1_navigation/` folder in the DRLND GitHub repository, and unzip (or decompress) the file.  Next, open `Navigation_Pixels.ipynb` and follow the instructions to learn how to use the Python API to control the agent.

(_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS, you must follow the instructions to [set up X Server](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md), and then download the environment for the **Linux** operating system above.

Commit message:

instructions added to read.me

README.md, after:

# navigation_dqn

[//]: # (Image References)
[image1]: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10624937/42135619-d90f2f28-7d12-11e8-8823-82b970a54d7e.gif "Trained Agent"

As part of the Deep reinforcement learning nano degree with Udacity, this is an implementation of the DQN algorithm to train an agent how to optimally maximize yellow banana collection.

## environment details
For any reinforcement learning implementation, the agent has to interact with their environment. In this case, the environment is represented as a large square floor with blue and yellow bananas scattered throughout. 

### rewards
Per the agent's action, the agent is rewarded according to banana collection; -1 for a blue banana collected and +1 for a yellow banana collected.

### action space
Within the environment, there is a discrete action space of 4. At any point in time, the agent is able 1. move forward, 2. move right, 3. move backwards, or 4. move left.

### task success
In order to successfully complete our episodic task, the agent is required to obtain an average score of at least 13 bananas over 100 episodes.

## Dependencies & requirements to get started

1. To get up and running, you'll want to download the defined Udacity dependencies [here](https://github.com/udacity/deep-reinforcement-learning#dependencies) 

2. You'll need to grab the following:
    - Unity ML agents: [here](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Installation.md)
    - NumPy: [here](http://www.numpy.org/) 
    - PyTorch: [here](https://pytorch.org/) 

3. Next you'll need the navigation simulation. Download the environment that corresponds to your operating system. 
    - Linux: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux.zip)
    - Mac OSX: [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana.app.zip)
    - Windows (32-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86.zip)
    - Windows (64-bit): [click here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Windows_x86_64.zip)
    
    (_For Windows users_) Check out [this link](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/827218/how-to-determine-whether-a-computer-is-running-a-32-bit-version-or-64) if you need help with determining if your computer is running a 32-bit version or 64-bit version of the Windows operating system.

    (_For AWS_) If you'd like to train the agent on AWS (and have not [enabled a virtual screen](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Training-on-Amazon-Web-Service.md)), then please use [this link](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-drlnd/P1/Banana/Banana_Linux_NoVis.zip) to obtain the environment.

4. Move the downloaded file to the `p1_navigation/` folder in the DRLND repository. Decompress the file and you'll be ready to go. 

5. Navigate to the `Navigation.ipynb` and load the file using the drlnd kernel.
